Content Version Cleanup (#3640)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Data/Content-Version-Cleanup/index.md

---
meta.Title: "Content version cleanup"
versionFrom: 9.1.0
verified-against: 9.1.0
---

# Content Version Cleanup

When you publish a document a lot of new records are created in the database, all of the property data
for each culture variant of a document are duplicated and this can mount up fast eating up disk space on 
your database server.

> Umbraco 9.1.0 introduced a feature to clean up historic content versions (inspired by [Our.Umbraco.UnVersion](https://our.umbraco.com/packages/website-utilities/unversion/) h5yr!).
> 
> The feature is enabled by default via configuration for new installs starting from 9.1.0 but will require opt in for 
> those upgrading from 9.0.0.
> 
> This feature certainly isn't for everyone, some sites will have regulatory requirements to keep historic data for audit.
> 
> For those sites with stricter requirements (or those who don't want the feature) it is possible to opt out both globally 
> (see [v9-Config > ContentSettings](/documentation/Reference/v9-Config/ContentSettings/index.md#contentversioncleanuppolicy)) and per document type (keep reading).
> 
> Additionally it is possible to keep the feature enabled but mark specific versions to keep forever (perhaps last years awesome marketing campaign).
> 
> It's worth noting that whilst we delete rows, we do not shrink database files or rebuild indexes so for upgraded sites with a lot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco 9.1.0 introduced a feature to clean up historic content versions (inspired by [Our.Umbraco.UnVersion](https://our.umbraco.com/packages/website-utilities/unversion/) h5yr!).

The feature is enabled by default via configuration for new installs starting from 9.1.0 but will require to opt in for 
those upgrading from 9.0.0.

This feature certainly isn't for everyone, some sites will have regulatory requirements to keep historic data for audit.

For those sites with stricter requirements (or those who don't want the feature) it is possible to opt out both globally 
(see [v9-Config > ContentSettings](/documentation/Reference/v9-Config/ContentSettings/index.md#contentversioncleanuppolicy)) and per document type (keep reading).

Additionally, it is possible to keep the feature enabled but mark specific versions to keep forever (perhaps last years awesome marketing campaign).

It's worth noting that whilst we delete rows, we do not shrink database files or rebuild indexes so for upgraded sites with a lot
```

> of history you may wish to perform these tasks (if they are not part of your regular database maintenance plan already).
> 
> ## Overriding global settings
> 
> It is possible to override the global settings per document type in the backoffice to prevent unwanted clean up, this can be managed in the "permissions"
> content app for each document type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of history you may wish to perform these tasks (if they are not part of your regular database maintenance plan already).

## Overriding global settings

It is possible to override the global settings per document type in the backoffice to prevent unwanted cleanup, this can be managed in the "permissions"
content app for each document type.
```
